you lost weight take off your shrug
please
very good this one
yes we have to could you measure for his
father being costume what's she doing
here
he made me your alternate because just
in case
tamo
yes it can't be huh Kim here okay what
I'm just go catch up later
what's going on Lily you made her mad
what there's always an alternate Lily's
the best choice no but she wants my rule
every dancer in the world once you're
wrong no it's different
she's after me she's trying to replace
me nobody's after you no please hmm I
know it's been a struggle but you just
had a breakthrough this morning
tomorrow's yours just give a great
performance and you won't have to worry
about Lily or anybody else don't go home
and rest
you